hey everybody it's a fire at the doll
circle so as you probably all from one
of the last 20 we did which I think was
the last one that we posted on I went to
justice and I got all three of the new
soul class ones which are just
exclusives and I have to say that
probably Jenna fires probably my
favorite one but I want to show you guys
all three but they look like in the box
and you'd be something with maybe a
little bit better to look at verses like
the toy hunt video and this is the one
I'm going to be opening today to share
with you guys is actually on the Fox
when she looks like which I'm really
excited about because I've never opened
the Jenna fire before so if we really
could actually like see her and have her
out so the fourth a applauding spectra
and Jenna prior that further the three
right now that just came out maybe about
two weeks ago or so I'm gonna save the
box close up of course it has logistics
exclusive sticker on the front
I paid $16 and 60 cents for each of
these so a little bit more for the Sun
box pricing says most of time they only
go for like 13 to 15 sold buy more but
since their exclusives and since are
really really really really pretty I had
I had to get them and I'm at around
slice I can show you the box art on
these and I love it like I like how they
did her hair out like a fan so I can't
wait to take her out to show you guys
and let me show you these two really
quick cuz these are not gonna be taking
out of the box and from what I've been
hearing they said spectra has a
different face mold in this particular
one so if you guys know about that
kampala let me know it's like hey all
I've been looking at it she does have a
good slimmer jawline but I love the
color scheme like how they added a
little bit of the blue in her and stuff
it's really really really really pretty
and then with clogging they even went
with her normal styled like the purple
of course and they added the green print
in there as well and I love how anything
they had purple on her hair I just love
it so let me take out a g2 part on the
box and go into little more detail if
you
I know I say this about every Doulton
coming out but I really really love her
she's absolutely amazing like my
favorite part is definitely her hair if
you start with like the hair up it's
super super stiff and they have a fanned
out to look like a fan I mean it's great
and of course it's really stiff so if
you didn't want to take the hair down
your F do a lot of washing with it and
the bangs are very stiff as well she
does come with hot pink sunglasses to
match her hot pink eye shadow and
earrings the earrings have also ever
seen the eye shadow has us a long black
lashes so gives her that like dragon
look and her face looks like it's
blowing like they did such a good job on
her gold on her body mold and then her
earrings and I don't know what it's
called he's a lot of it like in Chinese
decorations but it looks like a little
beaded piece with like a tassel coming
down from it but of course it's hard
it's plastic but it looks so well done
and I like how her swimsuit is
asymmetrical so it's on one sleeve and
the green part portion of it this part
is like a plastic and it's like cut out
until like this like flame shape which
goes into her whole swimsuit which is
hot pink with the Dragons going through
it so in purple fans so dragons are
promo fans going through a whole
swimsuit and I kind of give her a little
fins on the side this is adorable now of
course she has her tail sticking out of
her lower back which of course the end
is great my boys and they give her one
pink bangle again simple because of the
swim class series it's so perfect
and then definite have to show off her
shoes which of course are hopping to go
with all of her accessories and I like
how it wraps around her ankle just like
her bangle wraps around her wrist and
then the shoes are so so so so good they
look like cardio dragon wrapped around
her feet I can't tell see this is like a
tassel which is the exact same thing
that she has on her earring but I don't
know what the bottom part is it looks
kind of like possibly like a claw like
she has like a clock coming down like a
dragon's claw maybe I don't know it just
looks so good though they did a really
really good job with her and she does
come with two accessories
does not come with the stand the sand
I'm using is from another
she has come with a cute little towel
whoo
here I'll take her inside her to the
side for now she does come with a towel
and then she comes with a purse that
does open here I'll show you in a second
a purse that does open and isn't the
shape of a fan and like of course in the
same color as her glasses and her shoes
so you can close it back up or you can
put the towel in there then it pinches
up and then she can wear it so again not
too many sensors as it comes with these
oneplus ones unfortunately don't come
with stands but how gorgeous it is it's
worth it like so if you guys are looking
up to 500 I hope you are she's really
really pretty you know I just noticed
what she is - let's shoot or two right
shoes on yeah that's why I like this one
doesn't fit that well on the back I
think she has two feet long let me check
it looks like she does maybe it's just
me no no could you see me nope
they gave her two wrong feet it looks
like I don't know is it let me six
samples yeah if you see how this is like
more rounder on one side yeah I think
they gave her two right feet it looks no
yeah now Chantelle gorgeous it's fine
that owner issues are messed up like
honestly like I'm probably obviously
gonna keep the shoes on her and I'll
take it off because I want to keep her
like this is she's so pretty
but yeah I have two right shoes on it
that sucks
but it happens we just happened before
with other girls that I purchased so
overall review on this amazing and you
guys are lucky enough to find it please
call everyday because I just randomly
called now I can't wave all of them so
that's why I went there to go get it and
again she's around sixteen dollars if
you happen to see her online with
through justice and I love her to comic
below is this your favorite Jennifer at
all I it definitely is my favorite like
I love the art class fun I love her
first one but the hair is my favorite
part
and she's
every one out of the three that they
have a first so far so please comment
below share as always and check out we
just started or Twitter obviously by the
same name of the doll circle so make
sure to follow us on there follow us on
Instagram and like us on Facebook so
thanks for watching you guys